unemployment. Your access toe communication tools, uh, kind of goes hand
in hand with your role. I think the more supervisory you are, the
more access you have If you're, uh, third class or maybe even a seaman,
um, new to the command, then you might be waiting in longer lines.
Um, it also depends on when you're trying to access things. So if
it's during the middle of the day, then yeah, during your lunch time,
you might not even get access to the phone at all. So you have to,
like, how many people are there And there could be like that third
person in line who just is intent on talking Thio, uh, their husband
the whole entire time. So you have to take that into account. Um,
however, if you tryto talk at night time, you know, it could be like
2 a.m. Then, Yeah, you could be talking the whole entire time. Um,
as faras Internet goes, uh, library tends to have some kind of station
for you, and there's some kind of sign up list, so they're pretty
good about, like, at least letting you access the Internet. But things
change. It depends on which ship you are with ship you're on and
what the structure is